Change scheme for fetch (#1307)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/js3/using-fetch/index.md

  render = 'never'
  list = 'local'
  publishResources = false
+++

So now we have these pieces of our giant concept map:

1. 📤 We know that we can send a request using `fetch()`
2. 🐕 We know that `fetch` is a 💻 client-side 🧰 Web API that requires an HTTP connection
3. 🗓️ We know that sending requests over a network takes time
4. 🧵 We know that we should not stop our program to wait for data
5. 🪃 We know that we can use Promises to manage asynchronous operations

But we still don’t know how to use `fetch` to get data from a server side API.

### Loading html files

When you double-click an HTML file in your file explorer to open it directly in your browser, you're using what's called the "file protocol" or "file scheme." In your browser's URL bar, you'll see something like:

```
file:///Users/username/projects/my-website/index.html
```

The `file://` prefix indicates that your browser is reading the file directly from your computer's filesystem, without going through a web server. While this approach might seem convenient for simple HTML files, it will prevent us from using `fetch`.

### Web Server Access: The HTTP Protocol

> The second approach involves using a local development server. You can create one using tools like [Python's built-in server](https://realpython.com/python-http-server/) or [Node.js's http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server). These tools create a web server on your computer that serves your files using the HTTP protocol. Your browser will then access the files through a URL like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another approach involves using a local development server. You can create one using tools like [Python's built-in server](https://realpython.com/python-http-server/) or [Node.js's http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server). These tools create a web server on your computer that serves your files using the HTTP protocol. Your browser will then access the files through a URL like:
```

> The second approach involves using a local development server. You can create one using tools like [Python's built-in server](https://realpython.com/python-http-server/) or [Node.js's http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server). These tools create a web server on your computer that serves your files using the HTTP protocol. Your browser will then access the files through a URL like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second approach involves using a local development server. You can create one using tools like [Python's built-in server](https://realpython.com/python-http-server/) or [npm's http-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server). These tools create a web server on your computer that serves your files using the HTTP protocol. Your browser will then access the files through a URL like:
```
